
Text Extracted: ANIRUDHA PADHY 

CLOUD DATABASE CONSULTANT 

DBA professional; Targeting assignments in Oracle Database 
Administration/Maintenance with an organization of repute 

Attach Photo 

LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/anirudha-padhy-
7b747a60/ 

padhyanirudha@yahoo.in 

+91-8123950380 

Oracle Autonomous Database Specialist 

Certified in 2023 

Oracle Golden Gate 12c Certified 

Implementation Specialist in 2023 

Project Undertaken  
 (IT Product Organization.) 

--------------------------------------------------------------------------- 

Profile Summary 
Offering over 9.7 years of experience in DBA with Cloud Migration 

Title: Shared 
Cloud Service IO 
Project 

Environment: 
Oracle 8i, 9i, 
10g, 11g & 12c 

Mar'20 – Till  

Jan’15-Mar’20 

Oracle Cloud 
Jun’10 – Dec’13 
Infrastructure 
Construction 
Project 12c, 
18c & 19c 
ATP Database 

  Expert at managing data mappings for reports and web applications, data 
dictionaries, and entity relationship diagrams in support of the logical and 
conceptual  relationships  of  data  and  database  changes;  installation  and 
configuration of Oracle Database 12c, 18c,19c & Autonomous Database 
  Knowledge of Oracle Database Architecture, Exadata X8-2 quarter Rack 
Machine, JIRA & Service Now, AWR, SQLT, SQLHC, COE, and AHF report 
for performance monitoring.  

  Technical  analyst  with  expertise  in  engaging,  challenging,  and  motivating 
individuals; track record of  ensuring that the team provided a responsive 
and efficient service to internal and external customers 

  Extensive  experience  in  Performance  Tuning  of  Databases,  Capacity 
Planning,  Disaster  Recovery  Planning,  Backup  and  Recovery,  and 
Configuration  of  Standby  Databases  for  ensuring  business  continuity,  DR 
activity & patch management. 

  Understanding of ITIL processes like change management, ORACLE SR, and 

CAB approval prior to Production DB activity 

  Undertook strategy planning and implementation which had an impact on 
technology  direction  for  the  division  and  business  segment;  managed 
workload and multiple priorities in a fast-paced environment 

  Expertise  in  planning,  scheduling,  and  managing  Oracle  RMAN-based 

backup, restore, recovery strategy, and Logical backup expdp/impdp 

  Worked on AWS RDS, S3, OCI console, Object Storage, ASM & ASM Disk 
Groups, RAC Database with two node data guard environment; generated 
database reports using OEM/OCM, Migration from on premise to Oracle 
Cloud and Oracle Cloud to Autonomous Database. 

  Migrated Multi-terabyte (TB) Analytics and Reporting database Systems to 
Oracle 12cR2 to 18c/19c Real Application Clusters (RAC) on Storage Area 
Network (SAN) running on the Linux Platforms.  

  An effective leader with proven expertise in leading teams during the project 
phase, training & guiding team members and enabling knowledge sharing 
among the team 

Core Competencies  

Database Administration (DBA) 

Oracle DBA 

Technology Roadmap 

Database Design 

Database Maintenance & Support 

Extract, Transform & Load (ETL) 

Database Architecture 

Database Capacity 

DB Rollbacks 

IT Skills 

Databases 

Oracle10g,11g,12c,18c &19c multitenant Arch, Postgre Database, AWS RDS,ATP  

Tools & Utilities 

SQLT,AHF,SQLHC,COE ,RMAN, AWR, SecureCRT, DataPump, OEM, ADDM, Exachk 

Ticketing Tool 

JIRA, Service Now 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Organization Experience 

Since Mar’20 with Oracle India Ltd, Bangalore as Senior Cloud Database Consultant 

Key Result Areas: 

  Led the creation and maintenance of all databases required for development, testing, training, and production usage 
  Liaising with the Infrastructure Team for capacity planning of databases as well as ensuring that new product usage or 

release upgrades and quarterly patches take place with minimal impact. 

  Performing database and application both as required assisting performance and ensuring maximum availabilities. 
  Monitoring the administration of all database objects including tables, clusters, indexes, views, sequences, packages, and 

procedures; assessing the impact of changes made to database objects 

  Working on the roadmap to migrate the Oracle Cloud Database to an Autonomous Transaction Processing Database. 

Highlights: 

  Planned and implemented measures for backup and recovery of the Oracle databases and ATPs 
  Controlled  migrations  of  programs,  database  changes,  reference  data  changes,  and  menu  changes  through  the 

development life cycle 

  Enforced security of all the Oracle Databases; maintained database constraints to ensure the integrity of the database 
  Instituted  standards  to  ensure  that  application  design  and  code  were  produced  with  proper  integrity,  security,  and 

performance; regularly reviewed design and code to ensure that site standards were adhered to 

 Project Handled 

Since Mar’20  
Product 
Environment 

Key Result Areas: 

  Oracle India Pvt. Ltd. 

                          Senior Cloud DB Migration Engineer   

Cloud Infrastructure Construction Project(Primavera P6 & UNIFIER Product) 

  Oracle 12c,18c,19c RAC, Autonomous Database, LINUX, Kubernetes Cluster 

  Actively working on migration project Non-Cloud Platform to Oracle Cloud Infrastructure (12c to 18c/19c) 
  Deployed new Oracle engine to Oracle Cloud and configured ODI tool to run ETL jobs. Configuring backup strategy for 

databases and giving end-to-end support to clients.   

  Worked  extensively  on  performance  tasks  using  SQLT  (XTRACT,  XCUTE,  PROFILE)  SQL  Plan  Transport,  SBM,  SPM 
package, AHF, Histogram, SQL Patch, SQL Profile, TKPROF, Secure CRT tool, AWR, SQL Tuning Advisor, SQL Tune Task 
  Led the setup and configuration of Oracle Physical Standby Database (Data Guard) with high-performance protection, 

working on two-node RAC database operations like cluster availability, load balancing, PSU and RUP patching,  

Jan’15-Mar’20  
Project 
Environment 

Key Result Areas: 

  Accenture Solution Pvt. Ltd. 

Shared Cloud Service 

       Cloud Operation Analyst 

  Oracle 8i,9i ,10g,11g and 12c, RAC, Postgre, LINUX, 

  Managed and monitored Oracle Users, Roles, and Privileges & and created Database Objects, Data File Objects including 

Tablespace and Data Files, Object Sizing  

  Administrated planning, scheduling, and management of Oracle RMAN-backup, restore, recovery strategy, database & 

and schema refresh using Expdp &  Impdp utilities 

  Monitored the performance of databases daily by resolving the issues related to SGA components, File systems usage, 
releasing blocking sessions, lock waits undo, temp space issues, and so on; worked on a maintenance plan for the future 
availability of storage on user’s tablespaces 

  Applied PSU patches quarterly basis recommended by Oracle for fixing bugs and vulnerabilities; worked on database up 
gradation  from  lower  version  11g  to  higher  version  12c  and cloning  the  databases  using  RMAN  Duplication  and  Hot 
Cloning Method 

  Managing  different  restore  and  recovery  scenarios  using  RMAN  like  partial  database  restore  cross-database  restore, 
conversion from non-ASM database to ASM database, and DNFS implementation for providing better performance in the 
I/O level and reducing CPU utilization incident. 

Academic Details 

  MCA (Master of Computer Application) from Indira Gandhi National Open University in 2013 
  BCA (Bachelor of Computer Application) from Indira Gandhi National Open University in 2011 

Personal Details 

DOB: 3rd March 1987 
Languages Known: English, Hindi &Oriya 
Address: 10/5-5 9th Cross Lakshmi Layout Gandhi Nagar, Munekolala Bangalore-560037 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


Extract the Name, Email Address, Phone Number, Companies Worked, Educational Institutions and Total Years of Work Experience from the above text extracted. Give it in Json Format strictly. For the Educational Institutions and Comapnies Worked give the names alone strictly. Dont change the order strictly and dont assign anything other than this compulsorily. Dont assign the city name along with Educational Institutions name strictly. The final data should follow the following order strictly. The final order is Name, Email Address, Phone Number, Companies Worked, Educational Institutions and Total Years of Work Experience. Give all the Educational Institutions strictly without fail. Dont assign anyother unrelated details in the final data Educational Institutions strictly. I strictly needed the final data in the key value pair. Follow all the commands in the prompt strictly. Mention the type of the data in the final data strictly for all the iterations without fail such as ```json, ```, etc..

```json
{
  "Name": "Anirudha Padhy",
  "Email Address": "padhyanirudha@yahoo.in",
  "Phone Number": "+91-8123950380",
  "Companies Worked": ["Oracle India Ltd", "Accenture Solution Pvt. Ltd."],
  "Educational Institutions": ["Indira Gandhi National Open University"],
  "Total Years of Work Experience": 9.7
}
```