
Text Extracted: Vinodhini Raviprasad 

SDET LEAD 

Profile Summary 

Solution-focused SDET Lead with overall 9.11 years of experience in 
diverse fields of Health care, Banking and Telecom industries w.r.t 
Functional and Non-Functional quality process. Develops rigorous 
testing frameworks from scratch producing exceptional final products 
with perfect validation of application, proper estimation and sizing. 
Complex problem-solver with analytical and driven mindset. Has 
polyglot skills towards technology which will be helping in improving 
organisation values 

Test Lead, Eli Lilly and Company, Bengaluru 

JANUARY 2022 — PRESENT 

●  Partner with different stake holders - Product Management, 

Application Development, DevOps and other technical teams in 
planning and coordination  

●  Have good hands on experience in iOS, Android and ipad device 

testing both real devices and emulators  

●  Built an single stop SDET framework with Cypress, Sauce labs, 
Appium,  Grafana K6, AWS, Power BI to achieve Automation, 
Performance and API Testing to cover Web Testing, Mobile 
Testing , API Testing and Performance Testing of E2E Application 
where Java script, json were used 

●  Worked in AI lead solutions and improved the performance with 
quality assurance on all dimensions [manual, automation (web, 
desktop and mobile), API and performance testing].  

●  Implemented performance metrics and prepared periodic reports in 

managing QA Team to attain QA Goals.  

●  Developed Testing Frameworks from different tech stack and 
implemented in projects and maintained with various versions 
using GIT  

●  Showcased clear Architecture of Testing approach based on the 
product needs has ability to collaborate , brainstorm and suggest 
tools and tech then and there which reduced time and effort of the 
SDET team  

●  Trained and coached SDET team on new tools and technology 
trending in market in Manual Testing, Automation Testing , API 
Testing, Data Base Testing with SQL queries and Performance 
testing.  

●  Mentoring team of 6 QA Engineers on Test Automation and NFA 
(Non-Functional Assurance) providing quick estimates, sizing and 
planning 

●  Providing individual contributions and managing team deliverables 

as an Automation Tech Lead  

Details 

Bengaluru, India 
+91-8056110859 
vinodhiniraviprasad@gmail.com 

Technical Skills 

Java, Java Script, Vba, Vbs 

Cypress, Selenium, HP UFT, 
SauceLabs 

TestNG, Maven, Cucumber, 
Mocha Chai 

Postman API, Grafana K6, 
JMeter, LoadRunner 

AWS, Power Automate, Power 
BI, SQL 

Jenkins, GitActions 

Git, GitLabs AWS, Figma 

Management Utilities 

Jira, Xray, Agile, Scrum, Slack, 
Confluence, HP ALM 

Problem Solving 

Agile Project Management 

Leadership 

Strengths 

Explorer, Consistent, 

Optimist 

Hobbies 

Gardening, Cooking different 
cuisines, Glass Paintings 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
● 

 Responsible for hiring and mentoring QA Engineers and providing 
end-to-end Quality Assurance, making quick and reliable software 
release 

●  Managed Testing COE and Released newsletter for all the POC 

post Validation on new tools and technology 

Associate Test  Lead, Maveric Systems, Chennai 

JUNE 2014 — DECEMBER 2021 

●  Derived Metrics Dashboard with Power BI to visualise the effective 

use of Automation practice in different projects governance.  

●  Created Chat bots using Power Automate Adaptive cards for QA 

process assist 

●  Contributed as an Individual Automation Engineer on multiple 

projects such as  Vodafone Qatar, CITI Bank Mexico, CITI Bank 
APAC 

●  Delivered quality Automation Framework which run on cron job to 
achieve Unattended Automation Testing using Jenkins (CI/CD) 

●  Worked on Improving and creation on frameworks with UFT and 
Selenium with BDD and Hybrid driven along with Selenium Grid 
●  Trained in Load Runner and JMeter performed Load Testing, Peak 

Testing, stress , spike, endurance testing 

●  Created an SharePoint tool for Project Management of various 

Projects  

●  Created Macro based tools which drive as an input for computing 
Metrics and Measurement and macro autogenerating test case 
preparation tool 

●  On the initial phase as an Intern show cased best performance in 
the Training batch on technical acceleration and Automation 
Framework upgradation 

Education 

Bachelor of Technology in Information Technology, Sethu Institute 
of Technology, Virudhunagar Dist. 

MAY 2010 — MAY 2014 

 
 
 
 
 
 


Extract the Name, Email Address, Phone Number, Companies Worked, Educational Institutions and Total Years of Work Experience from the above text extracted. Give it in Json Format strictly. For the Educational Institutions and Comapnies Worked give the names alone strictly. Dont change the order strictly and dont assign anything other than this compulsorily. Dont assign the city name along with Educational Institutions name strictly. The final data should follow the following order strictly. The final order is Name, Email Address, Phone Number, Companies Worked, Educational Institutions and Total Years of Work Experience. Give all the Educational Institutions strictly without fail. Dont assign anyother unrelated details in the final data Educational Institutions strictly. I strictly needed the final data in the key value pair. Follow all the commands in the prompt strictly. Mention the type of the data in the final data strictly for all the iterations without fail such as ```json, ```, etc..

```json
{
  "Name": "Vinodhini Raviprasad",
  "Email Address": "vinodhiniraviprasad@gmail.com",
  "Phone Number": "+91-8056110859",
  "Companies Worked": ["Eli Lilly and Company", "Maveric Systems"],
  "Educational Institutions": ["Sethu Institute of Technology"],
  "Total Years of Work Experience": 9.11
}
```